Does ProtoContract require that judge be the responsibility of a bank?

A bank is a LLC or corporation that recieves and holds deposits.

Is this an escrow?
    If so then the structure looks right and can be incorporated into the Contract
    as instructions to judge as escrow agent.
    
Is an escrow necessarily a deposit?


-----------------------------------------------------------------
stimmel-law.com/en/articles/basics-law-and-practice-escrow

An escrow agent is also called a depositary.
Requires an escrow agreement.
The escrow agent has a fiduciary relationship to the parties.

This duty includes:

   * taking reasonable efforts to ascertain the identity of the named
     parties to the transaction.

   * disclose to the parties anything needed to prevent loss to the
     party.

   * refund to grantor required for non-performance.

   * no duties until the deposit is made.

Escrow agreement must include names of parties and name/address of the
depositary.




"Only when real estate or securities are involved do the far more
complex rules imposed by the government become active.  The role of
escrow holder however invariably involves a contractual set of
instructions and a fiduciary duty."
-----------------------------------------------------------------

investopedia:
an escrow agent is often a notary or an attorney.

Thus not a bank.
------------------------------------------------------------

https://medium.com/coinmonks/escrow-service-as-a-smart-contract-the-business-logic-5b678ebe1955
and
https://medium.com/coinmonks/escrow-service-as-a-smart-contract-the-execution-26bafece6814
by Jackson Ng

describes Safe Remote Purchase as something you can code yourself
using Solidity, Remix, MetaMask.  Ugh. Also it uses no-backout double
escrow putting 2x the transaction amount in from both sides before
shipment, which seems excessive.  Also there's no evident actual user
facing client programs and their interaction with each other nor the
blockchain, specifically.  It ends up with an unbelieveably complex
rigmarole of starting up MetaMask as both roles, having a demo
ethereum blockchain to work on, having a compiler and poster to put
his code into the blockchain, and walking through it from the two
metamask sides.  But it does give some detail useful here, in that
there is a record with the transaction detail in it, and a hash of
that goes on the blockchain to record the legal contract.

Elsewhere the same author points out that the user will have an
ethereum wallet app charged up with with some ETH and it'll pop up at
the right time when the client says Send ETH.  Okay that's some
subsystem interaction to be sure about.

Next, elsewhere the same author says Chrome, MetaMask, a URL, and some
ETH in an ethereum account is enough to run a smart contract choosing
among different blockchains (Main Ethereum and other testnets).

jacksonng.org/ethereum-metamask walks through Google Cloud ->
Rent/Startup a Compute Engine -> install Ubuntu -> install stuff
including apache(tcp:80), node and geth(tcv:8545).

-----------------------------------------------------------------
https://blog.localcryptos.com/how-our-escrow-smart-contract-works/

has an LocalEthereum smart contract with escrow for trades not
involving real-world goods or services.  In browser ethereum wallet
funds the transaction, or copy in your ethereum wallet data to use
that. Seller pays gas, imaginably $0.10.  Buyer has a UI view of the
funded contract and can click Release escrow.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Another scenario is that the buyer can spin up an instance of
ProtoContract which is just a smart contract with associated data, no
skin-in-the-game sponsor, and get the benefit of Judge-like service
without fees or attention from any other person.  Then ProtoContract
just has to be out there, whether in the blockchain or as dead files
in a filesystem in the cloud, then the ethereum machine will either

  A) run the protocol itself, with the steps of the protocol being
     steps in the ethereum machine including the communications with
     the Buyer and Seller UI clients.

  B) record data documenting the details, state, and progress of the protocol
     w.r.t. a given transaction, while the judge is a cloud service off the
     blockchain in the cloud,  acquiring trust as it gets used over time.

In (B) any blockchain will do, and any cryptocurrency will do. Let the
protocol evolve to the point of value exchange off blockchain, and
then move the currency on chain.  For example.
